[Music]
About 20 years ago now, my wife and I
decided that we need more room for our
family. So, we picked out a house for
sale that was within our budget and then
went through the process of purchasing
it and moving in. Now, to us, the house
was perfect for ourselves and our two
kids named Lily and Max. They loved
their new bedrooms. They loved the
backyard and its outdoor pool. And it
was actually western facing, too, so we
could sit out there and enjoy the sunset
every night. And the neighborhood was
quiet with friendly people who waved if
they passed while I was mowing the front
lawn. And it felt like our own little
slice of paradise, a place where nothing
bad could really happen. We were happy.
He and I thought that we'd found our
forever home. Now, weeks and weeks went
by and everything stayed great. The kids
played in the yard while my wife got
accustomed to the new kitchen, and I was
as happy as all heck with the size of
the new garage. We felt very safe, like
pretty much nothing could touch us. But
one night, everything changed. It was
late and the house was dark. The kids
were asleep. Emma was in bed reading.
and I was about to lock the front doors
when I heard a loud noise outside. It
was sort of a soft thud, like something
heavy hitting the door.
I kept on listening for a minute or two,
and then when I didn't hear anything
else, I told myself it was nothing.
Maybe just a car's trunk slamming in the
distance. I went over to the back of the
house to lock the back doors, and that's
when I heard the footsteps. They were
heavy, and they were only getting
louder. But before I could move, the
door in front of me crashes open.
After being thrown back, I saw the men
rush in. They were wearing black with
their faces hidden behind mass. They
carried flashlights and bags, and one
even had some type of blunt object like
a crowbar.
And my legs felt weak, but I couldn't
run. I had to protect my family. And the
second they saw me, they rushed forward.
There were four of them, tall, very
well-built. They pushed me into the
living room as my wife stood at the top
of the stairs, looking pale and
frightened. Lily and Max woke up and ran
to join her. And I wanted to tell them
to run, to hide, but my voice couldn't
work. It was like a dream. The men
ordered my wife and kids downstairs,
too, and they shoved us onto the couch.
They then stood over us with those
flashlights that were bright, blinding
us, which I guess was kind of part of
their plan.
Finally, one of them stepped closer. He
was the tallest, and his mask was black
with holes for his eyes and mouth, and
he leaned down so close that I could
smell his stinking breath. He didn't
speak, but his eyes were burned into
mine. Another man, shorter with a red
mask, started pacing back and forth. He
kicked over some lamp and it shattered
on the floor. The sound started to make
Lily cry, and Emma pulled her closer.
The tall one grabbed my shirt and pulled
me to my feet. His flashlight was
shining in my face and I squinted trying
to see. The others circled us. They were
like wolves circling prey. The men
wanted something, something specific,
but I didn't have much. Only enough to
start our new life. But that didn't seem
to deter them. They carried on
searching, tearing through drawers and
shelves, throwing books and dishes to
the floor. One of them with a kind of
greenish mask found a picture of us at
the beach. He stared at it and then at
me. His head was tilted like he was
confused. The tall one grabbed my arm
again harder this time. He shook me and
I stumbled. Emma screamed and Max clung
to her, his face buried in her side. I
wanted to fight to push them away, but
there were too many and they were too
strong. The tall one dragged me to the
kitchen. He threw me against the counter
and pain shot through my ribs as I
slammed into it. The others brought Emma
and the kids, forcing them to sit on the
floor. Louis was sobbing now, and Max's
eyes were huge like he didn't understand
what was happening. I didn't either, but
I had to try and stay strong for them,
no matter how hard that was. The men
started ripping open cabinets, pulling
out pots and pans. They weren't looking
for food or money. They were looking for
something else, something we didn't
have, but they seemed damn sure that it
was there.
I remember how the short one and the
greenish mass suddenly stopped and
pulled one of our kitchen knives from
the block that held it. Emma gasped and
I felt sick. The knife was long and
sharp, and as he held it close to her
face, my hand shook and my legs were
feeling like jelly. The tall one grabbed
me again, his fingers digging into my
arm. He leaned close and his mask was
brushing my cheek and I could hear his
breathing very fast and heavy. They
wanted something that was hidden, but
they didn't say what and I didn't know
what they meant. We had no gold, no
jewels, no valuable secrets hidden
anywhere.
That was a brand new home, our new
start. All the money we had in the world
was in its foundations, not in the walls
or the closets. I tried to think to
remember if we found anything strange in
that house, but nothing could come to
mind. Just boxes and paint cans and old
furniture from the last owners. I told
the men that much, but they didn't
believe a word of what I'd said. The one
with the knife stepped closer to Emma,
and my world started to go dark. I
couldn't breathe. I couldn't let them
hurt her or the kids.
The man in the green mask stopped again.
He was looking at the picture, then at
us. He grabbed the tall one's arm and
pointed at me. They stepped back, their
heads close together. I couldn't hear
them, but they were arguing in whispers
before one of them suddenly said, "Shut
this up. It's not here."
The tall one shook his head, but the
green masked man kept pointing. He
picked up another picture, one of us
moving in, and stared at it. His
shoulders were slumped, and he dropped
the picture. The others froze, watching
the two guys argue. Then suddenly, they
backed away. The tall one let go of me
and I fell to my knees. The man with the
knife lowered it, stepping back. They
looked at each other and then at us, and
then without a word, they turned and
walked out no faster than they'd come
in.
The house was silent except for my
daughter's sobs and my heavy breathing.
Emma crawled over to me and we held the
kids tight. My hands were shaking as I
checked them for cuts and bruises and
everyone was okay. We were just
terrified.
I called the police. They came pretty
quickly. Their lights were flashing
through the windows as we went out to
meet them. They searched the house and
the yard and the street outside. They
found footprints in the mud, but that
was pretty much it. These men were gone.
The police asked questions, wrote things
down, and promised to look for them. But
from what I told them, and I agreed with
this, they said it was a mistake, that
the men thought we were someone else.
Maybe the last owners, maybe someone
with some valuables hidden somewhere,
but they didn't know who. The police
never found the men. No one was
arrested, and we fixed the broken lamp
and cleaned up the mess. The house
didn't feel like paradise anymore. Emma
stopped humming all cheerfully in the
kitchen, and the kids didn't really want
to play outside anymore. We locked the
doors, checked the windows, and slept
with the lights on. And I started
keeping a gun in the bedside door just
in case. The neighborhood stayed very
quiet, and nobody else was hurt. But I
really couldn't shake the fear, watching
out the windows and the doors and that
dark driveway out front. I wanted to
protect my family, to make our home safe
again in all the ways I'd failed the
first time. But deep down, I knew that
it would never feel the same. Paradise
was gone. And all we had left were the
memories and that endless fear.
[Music]
My name's Adam and I'm from Leeds here
in the UK. And a few years ago, myself
and my parents and my sister moved into
a new house not too far from our old
one. It was a semi- detached place in a
quiet street with a neat front gardens
and old-fashioned street lamps. We had
nice neighbors, too, at least on one
side anyway, who called over to
introduce themsel with some cake and a
cup of tea. But those were the neighbors
in the houses surrounding us. The ones
in the house attached to ours was very,
very different. They didn't smile. They
didn't wave. And they'd either ignore us
if they saw us in the street or stare
from their windows if they got the
chance with these very cold, unfriendly
stares.
Mom said to ignore them. Dad said that
some people were just kind of like that.
So rather than do anything silly to try
and make them like us, we did our best
to just ignore it and settle in and not
let it bother us. Despite all that, the
first couple of weeks were as normal as
we could expect. I went to the same
school, got used to playing football in
the new garden, and helped mom and dad
unpack boxes of garden furniture.
Friends and family stopped over to check
out the new house, and while they were
mostly interested in the new place,
they'd sometimes ask about the neighbors
and what they were like. Mom used to say
that they were quiet. Dad used to say
that he'd met nicer people. And my
parents never said anything overly bad
about them, but people got the message.
They weren't the friendliest of
neighbors, and that was that.
I sometimes used to wonder aloud why
they were so unfriendly with us, but I
never got an answer. Mom said that we
should just leave them alone and
hopefully they just carry on leaving us
alone, too. But as it turned out, just
living next door to them was a
liability.
One night, I was up in my room playing a
bit of FIFA when I heard these noises
outside. It sounded like car doors
slamming, footsteps on the path outside,
and low voices. It sounded extremely
suspicious, so I got up and peakedked
out my window to see what was going on.
In the driveway of the house next door,
I saw shadows moving in the dark. I
couldn't see faces, just sort of hooded
shapes moving around. Then seconds
later, the shapes piled into a car and
sped off. I told myself it was nothing,
that maybe the neighbors just had some
late visitors. And then I went back to
playing video games, but not before
leaving my window open. Something I look
back on as a kind of like fate at this
point.
I say that because maybe only a minute
or two later, I started smelling
something burning and then I heard the
shouts outside.
I ran to the window and saw flames all
over the front door of our attached
neighbor. Not just inside either,
outside too with these bright orange and
yellow flames making their driveway glow
as smoke climbed into the air.
I grabbed my phone and called 999. Then
when dad heard me asking for the fire
brigade, he came running to see what was
happening. He took one look at the
flames and then shouted us to get out of
the house.
All of us ran outside right away,
grabbing only what was essential before
standing on the pavement in our socks or
bare feet. It seemed like the whole
neighborhood was gathered out there by
then, watching from their driveways or
the street outside their homes.
Apparently, the neighbors that had been
targeted weren't home. We knew because
their car was gone. But just the thought
of them being targeted like that was
still deeply shocking to us. A few
minutes later, the fire engines arrived
and men in heavy gear jumped out before
hosing down the flames. Everyone cheered
when the firemen finally put out the
fire, but the neighbor's house was still
a mess. The firemen checked our house,
too, to make sure that there was no
danger or risk or anything. They said
the fire hadn't spread to our side, but
the smell of smoke still clung to
everything and made it so we couldn't
just kind of carry on and try to forget.
We went back inside, but I couldn't get
to sleep for ages thanks to the
adrenaline and that grim burned smell.
The next day, some police stopped by to
ask questions and take statements.
I don't think they'd even finished
before word got around to us. The fire
wasn't some accident. It was a
deliberate attack, just like we'd
suspected. And that was the first time
that I heard the word arson, and it
wouldn't be the last.
The only questions left were things like
who would do something like that and for
what reason? And then we heard about the
other fire.
Just a few nights before ours, a house
on the other side of the city had burned
in an almost identical arson attack. And
it didn't take long before the police
started to think that the two fires were
somehow connected.
Everyone reckoned that it must have been
some kind of retaliation. And the fact
the neighbors weren't home at the time
made us think they probably knew that it
was coming and probably knew who did it,
too.
It probably explained why they were so
standoffish with us, too. If they had
those kinds of beefs going with people,
it was probably just their default
setting to be wary and cautious of
strangers.
Maybe they knew they were putting
ourselves at risk just by living next
door to them and didn't want to get
close because they knew that it had
further put us in harm's way. And the
neighborhood was quiet for a while after
that.
As the one who saw the fire start, I
couldn't help but feel jumpy at times.
Every noise made me think of footsteps
or car doors. Mom and dad tried to act
normal, but I saw them watching the
street, too, especially when the moving
truck showed up and started helping the
neighbors move out.
In the weeks after, nothing else
happened. There were no more fires, no
more strange noises, and slowly but
surely, the neighborhood got back to
normal as kids felt safe enough to play
out in the street again. The neighbors
house stayed empty for a while with a
forale sign out in the front, and it
stayed like that for ages as the grass
grew tall in their garden. They were
gone, but their house was a reminder, a
dark, broken thing next to ours that
took years before the estate agents
found a buyer. I've never forgotten what
happened and how that night could have
been much, much different should that
fire have spread any quicker.
[Music]
Many, many years ago now, when our son
was barely out of diapers,
me and my kid's mom moved into a real
nice duplex out in the suburbs. It was
on a quiet street and the neighbors were
quite friendly and some even actually
came over to help us unpack. Now, the
guy in the home next door didn't show
up, but when we heard that he was some
elderly widowerower who didn't get
around so easily anymore, we obviously
gave him an instant pass. Now, our son
Luke loved the big backyard and pool
that we now had. He loved his new
bedroom, too. But what he didn't love
was the big old closet with its sliding
wooden doors. He seemed almost cautious
of it right away. But then a few nights
after we settled in, Luke started acting
very strange about his new closet. At
first, he said that he wanted to keep it
open so he could see that there were no
monsters in there. But then later, he
said that he wanted to sleep with it
closed because someone was inside the
closet and they would watch him whenever
we left him alone. I thought that it was
just the new house making him nervous
and that his big old imagination was
just getting the better of him. And so
that night to help him feel safe, I
started what became a regular bedtime
routine. Every night I checked his
closet for monsters. I opened the doors,
rustled his clothes a little, and showed
him how aside from them, it was
completely empty. I'd then shut the
closet, tuck him into bed, and then
maybe sit in the chair and read him a
bedtime story until he fell asleep. It
worked for him and he slept like the
dead from then on. But for me, that
feeling of unease never entirely went
away. Something about Luke's fear stuck
in my mind. How sort of primal and
authentic it actually seemed. His mom
said it was probably nothing, just a
father worrying too much about his over
imaginative son. But still, I kept
checking the closet every night during
our little routine, which I increasingly
realized wasn't for him anymore. It was
for me. Now, a little time went by,
maybe 2 or 3 months, and I decided to
give Luke's room a deep clean. The house
was old, the kind of place where dust
settled just about everywhere. So, I
vacuumed the carpet, wiped all the
windows down, and cleaned under his bed,
too. And then once I was done, I moved
to the closet. As I swept the floor, I
noticed something against the back wall.
It was a little pile of sawdust, maybe
an inch or two tall, piled near the back
wall. Since I didn't remember seeing
sawdust when we moved in, I pushed
Luke's clothes aside and looked closer.
And then, in that dim light, I saw it
clear as day. A small hole in the wall
near the floor about the size of a coin.
There wasn't any light coming through at
the time, but it was there. All right.
I remember my heart rate going into
overdrive as these dual feelings of
disgust and anger rose up inside me. The
hole looked like it went straight
through. So, I grabbed a flashlight and
shined it inside. And that's how I
figured out that there was some kind of
cover on the other side, something to
hide it when it wasn't in use. But I
knew someone could see through it if
they removed the cover.
The wall was shared with the neighbor's
house, that elderly widowerower who
lived on the other side of that duplex.
I thought about them moving away the
paper or card or whatever it was and
watching my boy as he slept. And my
hands shook as I thought about that. My
son hadn't been imagining things.
Someone really had been watching him.
And so I sat back staring at that hole.
My head was pounding as a thousand
different thoughts raced around in my
mind all at once.
We never saw that widowerower much. He
was mostly just sort of shadows moving
behind curtains. But the thought of him
watching my son made me feel sick to my
stomach. But not just sick, angry, too.
I wanted to scream, to run next door and
demand answers before taking some
well-deserved retribution.
But I stopped myself. I knew how it
would end. If I confronted him, I
wouldn't stay calm and I'd end up in
jail for sure. I could feel the anger
building. the kind that didn't stop. I'd
hurt someone or worse, for Luke's sake.
I couldn't let that happen. I decided
that I didn't want that guy to know that
I knew, if that made any sense. I wanted
to try and actually catch him doing
something, maybe on camera, so I had
actual evidence of the crime. I went to
the garage, found some wood filler and a
putty knife, and then worked fast to
fill it in and cover it over. I then
checked the wall for other holes. And
when I didn't find any, I moved Luke's
clothes back and swept away the sawdust.
The closet looked normal again, but I
didn't feel any better. What kind of
person drills a hole to watch a child?
And how the hell was I going to catch
him in the act? My hands clenched into
angry fists every time I thought about
it, and I only stopped feeling
murderously angry after I spoke to
Luke's mom about it. And that night, I
checked his closet like I always did. My
son didn't know about the hole, and
there was no way in hell that I was
about to tell him on an account of not
wanting to scare him. So, I talked him
in, turned off the light, and watched
him fall asleep as usual. But unlike
him, I couldn't relax. Even though the
hole was gone, I kept imagining the
widowerower's eyes on the other side of
the wall. I imagined him kneeling down
and moving away the cover and cursing as
he realized someone had gotten wise to
his plan. A part of me thought that I'd
have him backing off for a while, but I
also knew that if he did it once, he was
probably going to do it again. I started
checking the closet more during the day,
too. I'd slid the doors open and stare
at the wall, waiting for something to
happen or to hear something moving on
the other side, but I never saw or heard
anything. And the stress of it started
to affect my sleep. I started locking
the windows and back door every night,
and something I never did before. I told
myself it was to keep my son safe, but
the truth is I was scared, too. Luke's
mom felt the same way. She was furious,
but she also knew that it was better not
to escalate, as any sort of
confrontation might go very wrong and
very fast. If this guy was willing to
drill a hole in the wall to spy on our
kid, what else was he willing to do? I
never felt the same in that house
afterwards, and I never felt the same
about that supposedly sweet old
widowerower, either. I wanted to catch
him doing something, anything to prove
what I knew. I paid to have some
security cameras installed, which were
super expensive compared to those Ring
doorbells you can buy these days. And I
thought that it'd be worth the
investment, but the guy next door never
did anything on any cameras. His house
stayed dark with his curtains always
closed. I thought about calling the
police purely just to warn them that I
thought our neighbor was a creep. Not
only had I removed what little evidence
I had, I also wasn't sure how to phrase
things to avoid sounding like some
paranoid a-hole bullying his elderly
neighbor. I felt like an idiot, and I
still do, actually. But I kept quiet. I
started sleeping with a baseball bat
next to my bed, and I told myself it was
just for home defense. But deep down, I
knew I was ready to use it for home
offense.
If I heard someone in Luke's room, if I
even so much as heard someone creeping
around outside, I wouldn't hesitate. I
even got it excited about the idea of
catching the guy. Excited about the idea
of smashing his head in. And that scared
me almost as much as the hole.
And after a couple of minutes went by
and still nothing had happened, I
started to relax a little. There had
been no new holes, no strange noises.
Luke hadn't talked about being watched
in a while, and the only disturbed
sleeps we got were when we'd had an
unrelated nightmare. The routine
definitely helped a lot in that
continual process of checking the closet
before tucking him in, but I never
stopped checking that wall. I'd run my
hand over the spot where the hole was,
making sure it was still sealed, but it
always was. And then one day, I saw a
truck outside the widowerower's house.
No goodbye, no explanation. And the
house stayed empty. And it took a while,
but we actually heard that he'd passed
away. And as horrible as it is to say, I
actually felt relief.
The hole was gone, and so was the sicko
who put it in there. But the fact that
it even happened in the first place,
that there's people out there who'd
think to do something like that, that's
something I'll never be able to come to
terms with.
[Music]
A few years ago now, my wife and I
welcomed our first child into the world.
We were living in a one-bedroom
apartment at the time, and while that
was certainly okay for a young,
childless couple, we knew that we'd need
more room to start a family. We started
looking online and eventually found a
suitable property in a pretty prominent
part of our home city. But for reasons
of our own personal security, that place
will remain nameless for the rest of the
story. The homes in this particular bit
of the city were built by Celtic migrant
workers almost 100red years ago now and
are known as being sturdy, reliable, and
affordable places to live. As you can
imagine, they were incredibly popular
with just about every other wannabe
renter. So when me and my wife saw one
of the houses there was available, we
jumped at the chance to book a viewing
and put a deposit down.
About 6 weeks later, we were moved in
and it felt every bit the milestone that
we thought it would. Our neighbors were
warm and welcoming and apart from the
occasional bus load of tourists, the
area itself was actually nice and quiet.
But then the landlords proposed a rent
hike. We were still very fresh when we
got the news. So, at first we had no
idea how to really approach it. But
then, right as we were approaching
full-on panic, we got the news that a
renters's union was undertaking a little
investigation on our behalf, and we had
to wait a few weeks to get the news. But
when we did, we were over the moon. The
landlords were backing down on the rent
hike, and we were only going to be
looking at a 3% annual raise instead of
a whopping 12%.
Neither me nor my wife had any inkling
of what the renters's union had
discovered. And we assumed they'd found
some kind of bylaw that prevented the
landlords from such a steep hike. But
nothing could have prepared us for the
truth. Nothing at all. The news about
the rent hike was a stressful time for
us, so I wasn't surprised when I started
having these weird recurring dreams. I
just never expected them to be so vivid.
The dreams would always start with me
returning home from an errand, such as a
food shopping or a haircut, and I turn
onto our street to find our house,
unlike I remembered it. All the other
houses were the same regular red brick
with copper brown trim, whereas ours was
just jet black all over. The roof, the
brick, the doors, even the windows
appear to have been painted the deepest
shade of cold dust black I'd ever seen.
I'd approach the house with the
neighbors watching me from their windows
and open doors. But as soon as I
unlocked the front door and walked
inside my home, the dream would end and
I'd wake up. I told my wife about the
dreams and the things that I saw in
them, but she agreed it was probably the
stress of the move playing on my mind.
Now, I tried eating better, getting more
exercise, and even stopped drinking
alcohol altogether. But the dream still
wouldn't go away. They just visited me
less frequently. They weren't exactly a
hindrance at all. I could still go about
my business as usual. But seeing as I'd
never have any kind of reoccurring
dreams before, it was definitely
something that played on my mind a fair
bit and made me wonder if I should just
go and see my GP about it. Now, part of
the reason that I reckon that I could
carry on as normal was because I work
from home. I was head of a customer
service department for a major
electronics chain over here in the UK.
So 90% of my job involved working from
my home computer to take calls and
resolve tickets. And this suited me down
to the ground as not only could I put in
long hours with relative comfort, but it
meant that I could look after our baby
daughter while my wife was at work as a
nurse. She also worked very long hours,
you see, and very hard, too, I might
add. So it meant a lot to her that I
could stay home with our daughter and
make sure that she was well looked
after.
And so one day I'm working downstairs in
the living room and my daughter is
watching cartoons. I made myself a cup
of iced coffee and then set it down on
the coffee table in the middle of the
room. But then the next thing I know, my
daughter kicks her legs while bursting
out laughing. And she boots one of the
table legs and the coffee goes spilling
all over the floor. It was a full cup,
one of those big plastic coffee shops,
too. So, almost a full pint of iced
coffee was spilling all over the
hardwood floor. I rushed to get some
paper towels and the anti-stain spray,
not wanting to lose any money by voiding
our deposit. But then when I got back, I
noticed something strange about the
spillage. It was sort of forming a
puddle. The puddle was a rough circle
forming in the center of the floor. And
every time I take a wipe at it, the
liquid would take the shape of that same
rough circle again.
I quickly realized there was a very
subtle dip in the floorboards, one that
must have been hidden with the rug that
we'd moved when we decided to redecorate
the room a little. And not wanting to
end up getting charged for it, we
reported the discovery to the landlords
immediately.
They sent someone over right away, just
a general handyman, I think it was, and
after a quick inspection of the floor,
they told us that we need some serious
work done to prevent the floor from
rotting away completely.
Using one of those tiny tube cameras,
the kind that you feed into small
places, the inspectors were able to
determine that a series of short wooden
supports had rotted away underneath the
floor.
These had been attached to the home's
foundations, but only in one section,
which appeared sunken, kind of like a
well. And in short, we could get a hotel
around the corner for about a week, and
after maybe 3 or 4 days of work and a
subsequent inspection, we'd be able to
return our baby daughter to a safe,
clean, stable home. But unfortunately,
that's not quite exactly how things went
down. We did as instructed and booked
ourselves into a small hotel for a week,
a very barebones place just a couple of
miles away from our new house.
Then about 3 days into our week-l long
stay, we got a call from one of our
neighbors saying the police were outside
of our house. Not just any police
either. They were in a forensics van
wearing those all white coveralls.
I drove over as soon as the wife got
home from the gym because obviously I
needed to know what was happening in our
new house. But when I got there, the
police turned me away at the door.
They'd take my phone number and they'd
be in touch once they knew what the
situation was. But for the time being,
we were in the dark and I had to stay
away. It took a week before the
landlords called us to let us know that
the work was completed. When they did, I
demanded a personal inspection before we
moved back in, and the woman who called
agreed to share everything she knew when
I met her at the house.
When I arrived, a brand new matching
floor had been installed, and everything
looked just as I remembered it. I
obviously didn't test the new floor by
pouring a drink over it, but I was
assured that the foundations had been
renovated, and that the issue was now
resolved. It was then that I asked what
caused the police to come round, because
if it was serious enough to involve the
law, it was serious enough that we
needed to know about it, too. And that's
when the woman sat me down over a cup of
tea and laid it all out for me. First
thing, they were offering a rent freeze
for 3 years if we promised not to talk
about this until after we'd moved out.
And since we'd been moved out of that
house for a number of years now, I'm
obviously free to talk about it. Now,
the second thing was that the woman had
sworn statements from not one but two
council approved structural engineers,
both of whom were happy to attest to our
home's safety and security. So, if we
did choose to move back in, we could
sleep soundly knowing that there were no
structural issues.
Those were all well and good, but what I
wanted more than anything to know was to
find out what was under our floor. And
then after signing my half of a 36-month
rental agreement, she spilled the beans
quite spectacularly.
Almost a hundred years ago, when the
streets and the houses were still brand
new, a family had welcomed a child into
the world. But this child was not one
they had expected.
I can't remember exactly what the poor
child's condition was. I'm not even sure
the authorities had it entirely sused
out either. But it was clear that
whatever it was, it was as debilitating
as it was severe.
She couldn't walk like other children.
She couldn't talk like other children.
And by every estimation, she didn't act
like other children either. Then as a
result, she never made it into
double-digit ages. It's also clear that
whatever happened to the poor girl, her
parents couldn't find it in themselves
to take her to the local cemetery. Maybe
it was just too expensive to hire an
undertaker or whatever. And maybe they
had a hand in her death. Either way,
they evidently decided the best place
for their dearly departed daughter was
under the house they built with their
own hands.
Since there was no one left alive to
question and no one left alive to
charge, the police simply moved the
girl's remains someplace that they could
properly dispose of her.
After that, they closed their
investigation and allowed the
renovations to recommence.
Then after a week or so later, there I
was sitting in that exact same space,
talking myself back into moving back in.
There was just enough time for us to
back out if we really wanted to. My wife
still had to sign her part of the form
as the second adult occupant. But even
once I'd explained the whole situation
to her, she thought the same thing I
did. It was too late to start the whole
process of moving again. Knowing it one
time had been exhausting. So facing it
all over again was just kind of
unthinkable.
Even if that did mean staying in a house
where the 100-year-old corpse of a
severely disabled girl had been recently
found.
Once my wife had signed her half of the
paperwork, we moved back in the next
day. And over the next couple of weeks,
I stopped having those weird dreams
where I'd find our house had turned that
sort of inky shade of black.
The scariest part of the recurring dream
was this. I'm a grounded scientific guy,
but I don't have a hard time explaining
the dream. Before the renovations, when
there was an illegal burial site under
our house, who knows what kind of mold
or spores or decay could have been
drifting up from that sephiler
underneath our feet affecting my mental
state or that of my loved ones. I had
dreams, similar dreams, but they were
never quite the same.
I'd turn onto our street after running
whatever errand I'd been on, only to
find our house looking the exact same as
all the others. No one would be watching
from their windows. No one would be
peeking out from around their doors. I'd
just walk inside as per usual and then
wake up feeling refreshed and
clear-headed.
And things carried on like that for
years, as if nothing had ever happened.
And then one day, me and my wife decided
that we wanted a little more room, and
we moved into a three-bedroom house a
couple of miles away from the first. My
daughter still doesn't know what they
found or why we had to move out of that
new house for a week. And I'm not sure
she remembers any of it to begin with.
Maybe I'll tell her one day, or maybe
I'll show her the video you end up
putting the story in if you do end up
using this. Hopefully, it'll make it an
easier thing to handle. But I think the
word hopefully is doing a lot of heavy
lifting there.
[Music]
My name is Terry and this is a story
from back when me and my family moved
into our first real home together. So
back in 1994, my wife and I and our two
kids moved into a big house down in the
quiet Texas town. The house was very
old, but very beautiful with huge bay
windows and a massive backyard. And the
yard was maybe half the size of a
football field, and it was filled with
thick grass and old trees. But while my
wife Angie and I told ourselves we'd
explore every inch of it before we moved
in, we had much more pressing issues at
hand. And so the whole thing got put on
the back burner until much later on.
We loved the open space and as long as
we did the occasional snake check to
make sure that there were no rattlers
around, the backyard seemed like the
perfect place for our two kids to play.
And that house felt like a fresh start,
a place to make memories. And for the
first few weeks, nothing could have been
better. But then my two kids found
something that changed everything for
us.
Sarah Jane was 10 and Jack was eight, so
they were just as excited about that
backyard as we were. Once we made sure
that there were no unexpected hazards
and we'd given most of the lawn a little
trim, the kids were free to chase each
other around all over the place. But
then one afternoon, they came running
inside looking very excited.
Then when their mom asked them what was
going on, they explained how they
thought that they had actually found
buried treasure in the backyard.
I followed them outside, curious and not
worried at all, and they led me to a
spot near the back of the yard where
we'd had a gardener trim back the
bushes. And there, half buried in the
ground, was a heavy metal door. It
looked old and rusted at the edges with
a thick lock holding it firmly shut. And
I hadn't noticed it before. Angie and I
must have missed it, and the landscaper
must have thought that we knew about it
already. Now, the kids begged to open
it, but I told them to stay back. Jack
said that it was buried treasure left
there by a pirate. And I told him
whatever it was, it was probably not any
kind of treasure. Pirates keep their
treasure in bank accounts these days,
not underground in chess. And the door
looked heavy, but after clipping off the
lock with a pair of bolt cutters, I
managed to pull it open, which revealed
a dark staircase which led down under
the ground. and the air smelled damp,
cold, and rotten. No place for any kid
to be. So, after making them promise not
to go down without my permission, I
grabbed a flashlight from the house and
shown it down into that hole.
And the steps were concrete, and while
they looked pretty worn, they appeared
very sturdy for their age. I told the
kids to wait where they were, and I
assured them that I'd share anything I'd
found, and then went down alone.
Now, just seconds later, my flashlight
was lighting up a small room at the
bottom. But it wasn't just a room. It
looked more like a bunker.
It was small, just a single room with
concrete walls and a low ceiling. A
metal cot sat in one corner with a thin
stained mattress lying on it. And then
there was a rusty sink bolted on the
wall and a toilet attached to the same
wall close by.
The fixtures looked very old, just like
everything else. But when I walked up to
the sink and turned one of the faucet
knobs, water came out. Water that was
both clear and cold. I figured the place
had been abandoned long ago, that maybe
it was some cold war relic that had
thankfully never had to serve its
purpose. But I was wrong. Someone must
have been living down there. And pretty
recently, too.
A single light bulb hung from the
ceiling, flickering when I pulled its
chain, and that's when I saw the
scratches on the walls, deep and uneven,
like someone had clawed at them with
nothing but their fingernails.
Subtly freaked out by what I'd seen, I
climbed back out and closed the door
behind me. The kids were waiting, very
wideeyed and excited to hear what I had
to say. And so you can imagine their
disappointment when I told them that the
bunker was entirely off limits. And they
tried to argue with me at first and I
had to scare them a little to make sure
that they listen by claiming that there
might be monsters or even mean wild
animals living down there. And that
didn't feel great having to spook my own
kids. But as any parent will tell you,
you sometimes got to lay down the law if
you want to keep your kids actually
safe.
And that night, my wife and I talked
about what I'd found, and we agreed that
not only should we stop the kids from
ever seeing what was down in that
bunker, but that we better call the cops
to let them know what we'd found. The
bunker was very unsettling to me. You
see, to me, it wasn't just some normal
place for storms or maybe even bombs. It
might have been built for that, and it
might have also served that purpose at
one time, but when I saw it, it was
almost like a makeshift prison cell. the
scratches, the cot, the working
plumbing. I felt like they told a story
that I didn't want to know. They felt
like a secret that we didn't want to be
a part of, and we didn't want that
secret in our new home. Two sheriff's
deputies stopped by the next day after
we called. They followed me to that
bunker, and I showed them the metal door
in the room below. One of them wrote
down some notes while the other asked a
bunch of questions and they checked the
sink in the toilet, noting that the
water was still working and agreed that
that was probably not a great sign. They
also found a small chain bolted to the
floor near the cot, something that I
hadn't seen during my first visit down
there. It looked kind of rusted, but it
was still very strong, and my skin
wanted to crawl off my bones when I saw
that.
stating the obvious. One of the deputies
said the bunker was likely used to hold
someone and probably against their will.
They didn't say much else, but their
faces were obviously very pale as they
said this. And they told us that we
weren't in any trouble, that we'd done
the right thing in reaching out to them.
But for the time being, we were to keep
that bunker locked. They would
investigate and let us know if they did
find anything. And that same day, I
drove over to the Home Depot in town,
bought a brand new padlock, and relocked
the door to that bunker. I told our kids
obviously to stay away from it. They
nodded, but I saw this very deep
curiosity in Jack's eyes, like it was
another conspiracy to keep him away from
the treasure that we'd found down there.
And it made me glad that I bought that
padlock. It was the only thing stopping
him from going down there and seeing all
the stuff for himself. And at that age,
seeing dark stuff like that can have a
terrible effect on a child's mind. The
house felt different because the yard
didn't feel safe anymore. And I tried to
forget it and move on. But every time I
was out there in the yard, my mind went
to that bunker and all those scratches
on the wall. Who had been kept down
there? For how long? And most
importantly, why? The cops called us
back a few days later, but they didn't
have the answers we needed. They said
they found no records of the bunker
anywhere in any files or documents
related to the property. And the home's
previous owners also claimed no
knowledge of it. They were all the way
up in Oklahoma and had never visited the
property. And then the folks who likely
had it built were dead, and there were
basically no one to talk to or question
that had any solid answers for them. And
as a result, the sheriff's department
couldn't say who built it or when. And
they also found no evidence of a crime.
So even if there were folks around to
arrest, there was really nothing to
charge them with. They told us to keep
it locked for safety reasons and that
naturally we had the right to concrete
it over if we wanted to. Maybe to grow a
lawn over it, anything we wanted. And I
remember thanking them for the time, but
also thinking that it was all just kind
of pointless. That bunker stayed sealed
like a very dark secret that we kept
buried in our backyard. I checked the
padlock every week, making sure that it
was staying, and I didn't want anyone or
anything getting in there, least of all
one of our kids. And years had passed
by, and the kids started to grow up, and
the bunker stayed off limits, but I knew
that they probably still thought about
it, especially our son.
Sometimes I saw him glance at the bushes
that we grew in the backyard, right over
where the door was hidden. He didn't
talk about it often, but it was always
there, almost like a black mark that we
couldn't ever wash clean. Angie and I
tried to make life as normal as possible
for Jack and Sarah Jane. We had backyard
barbecues, played some football, and
succeeded in filling in the house with
joy and laughter and some happy
memories. But that bunker was always in
the back of our minds. And how could it
not be when it was just right under our
feet? And as the years passed, Sarah,
Jane, and Jack moved out. Sarah, Jane
went to college while Jack got a job in
another city, and the house felt empty
without them. But I was glad that they
were finally away from that thing. Angie
and I stayed there, but the house felt a
bit too big now, and anytime I was out
in the backyard, I just avoided that
corner where the bushes hid the door.
One night, I woke up at maybe 1:00 a.m.
to take a bathroom trip. I figured that
I'd heard it when washing my hands, but
when I turned off the faucet, I heard
it. The low scraping sound like metal on
stone and was coming from the backyard.
I quickly made my way downstairs,
grabbed my pistol with a little
flashlight attachment that I had bought
specifically for home defense, and then
went out in the backyard. It was cold
and almost pitch black out there. But
after walking across the lawn, I pushed
through the bushes near the back and
checked the lock on the bunker door.
The padlock was still there, but the
dirt around the door looked disturbed,
like someone had been digging. I told
myself it was probably just an animal,
maybe a raccoon. But I couldn't convince
myself, and the part of me thought that
maybe it was Jack, but that seemed
insane. Another part of me thought that
it was whoever had owned the house
before, maybe even the person who had
been kept down there.
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern time. And there are super
fun live streams every Sunday and
Wednesday night. If you got a story, be
sure to submit them over at my email.
Let's read submissions@gmail.com.
And you might even hear your story
featured on the next video. And if you
want to support me even more, grab early
access to all future narrations and
bonus content over on Patreon, or click
that big join button to hear about the
extra perks for members of the channel.
And check out the Let's Read podcast
where you can hear all of these stories
and big compilations located anywhere
you listen to podcasts. I also have a
true crime channel called Saturn Soul.
All links in the description below.
Thanks so much friends and remember your
gray matter is turning blue.